README.markdown, before:

Rack::Timeout
=============

```ruby
<<-CUTE
▄██████████████▄▐█▄▄▄▄█▌
██████▌▄▌▄▐▐▌███▌▀▀██▀▀
████▄█▌▄▌▄▐▐▌▀███▄▄█▌
▄▄▄▄▄██████████████▀

Our systems are over
capacity and could not
complete your requeset.

Your browser will
automatically try again
in 10 seconds.
CUTE
```

Usage
-----

### Installation

You will almost certainly want to make Rack::Timeout the very first middleware.
(The only thing that you might possibly want to put before it is an
exception/error reporter).

```ruby
# config.ru
require 'rack/timeout'
use Rack::Timeout
# ... configuration (see below for options) ...
# ... other middleware ...
run MyApp::Application # if it's a Rails app
```

### Configuration

Changing the timeout time (default is 15)

```ruby
Rack::Timeout.time = 25
```

Setting a custom handler to report timeouts

```ruby
Rack::Timeout.reporter = lambda{ |exception, env|
  ::Exceptional::Catcher.handle_with_rack(exception, env, Rack::Request.new(env))
}
```

Specifying a custom error page and title

```ruby
Rack::Timeout.error_page = 'http://cdn.example.com/503.html'
Rack::Timeout.error_title = "We're sorry :'-("
```

### Rails 3 app with automatic middlware injection (not recommend)

If you use the automatic injection, you can't control where it is injected into the
stack (we could to some extent, but we can't guarantee that it is the very first
middleware).

```ruby
# Gemfile
gem "rack-timeout"

# application.rb
RACK_TIMEOUT_AUTOINJECT = true

# config/initializers/timeout.rb
Rack::Timeout.time = 10
```

### Here be dragons

Ruby Timeout relies on threads. If your app or any of the libraries it depends on is
not thread-safe, you may run into issues using rack-timeout.

### TODO

* tidier configuration system
* Figure out who made the text failwhale and give attribution.

---
Copyright © 2012 John Bachir  
Copyright © 2010 Caio Chassot  
released under the MIT license

Commit message:

notes about testing in dev mode

README.markdown, after:

Rack::Timeout
=============

```ruby
<<-CUTE
▄██████████████▄▐█▄▄▄▄█▌
██████▌▄▌▄▐▐▌███▌▀▀██▀▀
████▄█▌▄▌▄▐▐▌▀███▄▄█▌
▄▄▄▄▄██████████████▀

Our systems are over
capacity and could not
complete your requeset.

Your browser will
automatically try again
in 10 seconds.
CUTE
```

Usage
-----

### Installation

You will almost certainly want to make Rack::Timeout the very first middleware.
(The only thing that you might possibly want to put before it is an
exception/error reporter).

```ruby
# config.ru
require 'rack/timeout'
use Rack::Timeout
# ... configuration (see below for options) ...
# ... other middleware ...
run MyApp::Application # if it's a Rails app
```

### Configuration

Changing the timeout time (default is 15)

```ruby
Rack::Timeout.time = 25
```

Setting a custom handler to report timeouts

```ruby
Rack::Timeout.reporter = lambda{ |exception, env|
  ::Exceptional::Catcher.handle_with_rack(exception, env, Rack::Request.new(env))
}
```

Specifying a custom error page and title

```ruby
Rack::Timeout.error_page = 'http://cdn.example.com/503.html'
Rack::Timeout.error_title = "We're sorry :'-("
```

### Rails 3 app with automatic middleware injection (not recommend)

If you use the automatic injection, you can't control where it is injected into the
stack (we could to some extent, but we can't guarantee that it is the very first
middleware).

```ruby
# Gemfile
gem "rack-timeout"

# application.rb
RACK_TIMEOUT_AUTOINJECT = true

# config/initializers/timeout.rb
Rack::Timeout.time = 10
```

### Testing in dev mode

If you want to test the behavior of your config in dev mode, you will
have to remove any exception-handleing middlewares below AND above where
rack-timeout is insert. Rails example:

```ruby
config.middleware.delete ActionDispatch::DebugExceptions
config.middleware.delete ActionDispatch::ShowExceptions
```

Now you can put `sleep 30` in a controller action and see what happens when
you visit it.

### Here be dragons

Ruby Timeout relies on threads. If your app or any of the libraries it depends on is
not thread-safe, you may run into issues using rack-timeout.

### TODO

* tidier configuration system
* Figure out who made the text failwhale and give attribution.

---
Copyright © 2012 John Bachir  
Copyright © 2010 Caio Chassot  
released under the MIT license
